the Hamas Iran Health Ministry says 80
Palestinians have been killed in Israeli
air strikes in the past 24 hours and
that includes one attack near a school
in a supposedly safe Zone Hamas official
say at least 15 people were killed on
Sunday during the attack near the UN R
school it's the fifth such attack in
eight days Israel says its Air Force
targeted a number of what it called
terrorists operating in the area this
comes as Britain's foreign secretary
David Lamy on first trip to Israel is
pushing for an immediate ceasefire in
Gaza and the release of Israeli hostages
by Hamas neek is our correspondent in
Jerusalem with more details I think this
is more of an opportunity for Mr Lamy as
the new British foreign secretary to
meet the key players now that he's in
post of course he's saying that his top
priority is trying to get a ceasefire
and the hostages released we've seen
just how difficult making progress on
that subject has been but he said it
remains his absolute Focus for this trip
Gaza and what's happening there has been
quite a difficult topic for the the
labor party in the UK we know that in
the weeks after the war started a lot of
people within the party supporters
members of parliament and other people
associated with it were concerned that
the leadership wasn't going far enough
in their eyes in condemning what was
happening and so Mr Lamy and K now have
quite a few number of decisions to make
on Gaza in terms of what's Happening for
example are they going to restart the
funding to the United Nations agency
that looks after displaced Palestinians
Palestinian refugees notably in Gaza
what does the UK government make of this
request we saw for an arrest warrant to
be issued for the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and also the question
of UK weapons being exported to Israel
so these are all things that the new
government will have to think about and
make announcements about pretty soon
you'd expect